PARTNUMBER,CATENTRY_ID,BRAND,CATEGORY,NAME,ATTRIBUTENAME,ATTRIBUTE,SHORTDESCRIPTION,LONGDESCRIPTION,OFFERPRICE
AuroraWMDRS-266,10293,Albini,Topwear,Albini Empire Waist Knit Dress,swatchcolor,Pink,V-necked sleeveless dress with empire waist and belt tie,"The V neck and the straight cuts of this pleasant dress add spring to your step. The empire waist enhances your figure and the belt tie adds charm. Beaches, parks, shops - wear this any place and give people a reason to smile.",100
AuroraWMDRS-266,10293,Albini,Topwear,Albini Empire Waist Knit Dress,swatchSize,M,V-necked sleeveless dress with empire waist and belt tie,"The V neck and the straight cuts of this pleasant dress add spring to your step. The empire waist enhances your figure and the belt tie adds charm. Beaches, parks, shops - wear this any place and give people a reason to smile.",100
AuroraWMDRS-266,10293,Albini,Topwear,Albini Empire Waist Knit Dress,construction,Knit,V-necked sleeveless dress with empire waist and belt tie,"The V neck and the straight cuts of this pleasant dress add spring to your step. The empire waist enhances your figure and the belt tie adds charm. Beaches, parks, shops - wear this any place and give people a reason to smile.",100
AuroraWMDRS-266,10293,Albini,Topwear,Albini Empire Waist Knit Dress,length,Mid Length,V-necked sleeveless dress with empire waist and belt tie,"The V neck and the straight cuts of this pleasant dress add spring to your step. The empire waist enhances your figure and the belt tie adds charm. Beaches, parks, shops - wear this any place and give people a reason to smile.",100
AuroraWMDRS-266,10293,Albini,Topwear,Albini Empire Waist Knit Dress,material,100% cotton,V-necked sleeveless dress with empire waist and belt tie,"The V neck and the straight cuts of this pleasant dress add spring to your step. The empire waist enhances your figure and the belt tie adds charm. Beaches, parks, shops - wear this any place and give people a reason to smile.",100
AuroraWMDRS-266,10293,Albini,Topwear,Albini Empire Waist Knit Dress,occasion,Cocktail & Evening,V-necked sleeveless dress with empire waist and belt tie,"The V neck and the straight cuts of this pleasant dress add spring to your step. The empire waist enhances your figure and the belt tie adds charm. Beaches, parks, shops - wear this any place and give people a reason to smile.",100
