PARTNUMBER,CATENTRY_ID,BRAND,CATEGORY,NAME,ATTRIBUTENAME,ATTRIBUTE,SHORTDESCRIPTION,LONGDESCRIPTION,OFFERPRICE
AuroraWMDRS-315,10329,Gusso,Topwear,Gusso Silk Evening Dress,swatchcolor,Silver,Sleeveless evening dress with applique and sequined work,A different take on the little black dress. This black dress adds applique and sequined work in different colors to give it a different dimension. The pleated skirt and the waist band give it a sophisticated touch while retaining a timeless look.,250
AuroraWMDRS-315,10329,Gusso,Topwear,Gusso Silk Evening Dress,swatchSize,M,Sleeveless evening dress with applique and sequined work,A different take on the little black dress. This black dress adds applique and sequined work in different colors to give it a different dimension. The pleated skirt and the waist band give it a sophisticated touch while retaining a timeless look.,250
AuroraWMDRS-315,10329,Gusso,Topwear,Gusso Silk Evening Dress,construction,Knit,Sleeveless evening dress with applique and sequined work,A different take on the little black dress. This black dress adds applique and sequined work in different colors to give it a different dimension. The pleated skirt and the waist band give it a sophisticated touch while retaining a timeless look.,250
AuroraWMDRS-315,10329,Gusso,Topwear,Gusso Silk Evening Dress,length,Mid Length,Sleeveless evening dress with applique and sequined work,A different take on the little black dress. This black dress adds applique and sequined work in different colors to give it a different dimension. The pleated skirt and the waist band give it a sophisticated touch while retaining a timeless look.,250
AuroraWMDRS-315,10329,Gusso,Topwear,Gusso Silk Evening Dress,material,Silk,Sleeveless evening dress with applique and sequined work,A different take on the little black dress. This black dress adds applique and sequined work in different colors to give it a different dimension. The pleated skirt and the waist band give it a sophisticated touch while retaining a timeless look.,250
AuroraWMDRS-315,10329,Gusso,Topwear,Gusso Silk Evening Dress,occasion,Cocktail & Evening,Sleeveless evening dress with applique and sequined work,A different take on the little black dress. This black dress adds applique and sequined work in different colors to give it a different dimension. The pleated skirt and the waist band give it a sophisticated touch while retaining a timeless look.,250
